on the web.com tour the South Georgia
classic from Valdosta Georgia finally
the weather cooperating they had to
finish the second round early and
Saturday morning and then on to Round
three
we begin with Vaughn Taylor a two-time
winner on the PGA Tour he's trying to
collect his card again see if he can
finish in the top 25 and earnings a
birdie at the par-5 2nd and Vaughn
Taylor with the
round of 72 after a second-round 66 so
he's at 5-under par the par-5 2nd and
Andrew Putnam just in front of the green
and to still chip onto the green that
would set up birdie
Putnam trying to make the putt early in
the round 68 69 through the first couple
of days at a level round of 72 but still
very much in the thick of things among
the top 10 he's at 7-under par also at
the par-5 2nd Rob Oppenheim 69-66
through the first couple of days this is
his fourth shot from off the green and
he chips it in for a nice birdie for he
would add three more birdies on the back
nine cards in 270 and grabs a share of
second at 11-under par max Houma in the
fairway at the 9th
almost been consistent the entire week
67 to start 68 in round 2 now this one
pulled off the back of the green getting
enough spend to pull it back near the
pin location and it sets up a nice
birdie effort Palma with birdies at the
2nd and the 5th gave up one shot at the
Ford and his third birdie of the day he
turns into under par and give two shots
back in the 12th but collect two more
coming in so he's in with a 70 Alma with
a share of second at 11 under par just
ride alongside Adam web as well we
approach from Webb just right of his
target line
what's in them position will pick up
birdie on side five birdies if you can
hold this box starts with a pair at the
first and second two or four and five so
he turns in 31 Adam left two more
birdies on the back you shoots up the
leaderboard with a 65 trying to chase
down Carlos Ortiz Matisse our leader in
first couple of rounds just off the edge
of the green at the par-5 second his
third shot sets up a birdie
so Ortiz coming into this third round
with the lead after a second round 65
makes the putt finishes at 12-under par
1 clear of the rest of the field trying
to win on Sunday